# ChatGPT-Does-Engineering
Some of the stuff I got OpenAI's ChatGPT to generate, mostly out of curiosity, sometimes merely for fun. Programs are uploaded unfiltered and unadjusted. **Some may not work or give wrong results.**

## Q & A

**1. What queries did you use?**

I can't really put up the queries I use to generate the codes since they are almost never single queries but usually a set of sequential queries, which may or may not involve silly fights in between because the bloody thing apparently only skim-reads articles and I have to go like "In your last reply, you said/did ______. Check if this is really true." and it goes like "Oh sorry that was an error, whoops, lemme try that again bossman." and comes up with an even worse abomination.

**2. Why is the repository so unorganized?**

This is a free-dumping area. If I started categorizing stuff, I wouldn't even know what goes into what category because a lot of the times, categories overlap. Tags would've been a better way to organize the repo but you can't tag individual files, can you? :/

**3. There is a better way to generate this. / I generated a better version of this program.**

Thanks, open an issue or pull request if you feel like. But if it is a pull request, I need video evidence of it being generated by ChatGPT exactly as it is on the commit.

**4. This program gives wrong results.**

You can open an issue about it so that the file is marked.

**6. I used one of the programs here to design the hardware for my school project and it blew up my neighbor's garage!**

I hope everyone's safe and you have understanding neigbors. If not, good luck in court, mate. I'm not a part of it.

**7. I belive that I have very good reasons why you should remove this program from this repository.**

I doubt it, so think about it once again. If you still feel the same way, open an issue.
